Specifications
The purpose of this assignment is to expose you to the basics of database technology used in conjunction with server-side technology commonly used on the Web. The assignment has five parts that should be completed independently. You are allowed to use development tools to produce this assignment.

Part 1
Create a simple table in MySQL to store data about something. You could create a Student table or Movie table and select about five to ten fields of information to describe that table. Pre- populate this table with about ten records. Create an entity-relationship diagram (ERD) that shows the structure of this table. Save the ERD as an image and post or link to it from the main page. On the main page, create a simple web application lists the records in a tabular format using a SQL Select.

<-------- MOVIES ------->
Fields: PK(id)
		Title -> varchar
		Year -> int
		Summary -> text
		(FK)RatingID -> Ratings table
		(FK)DirectorsID -> Directors table
		Actors -> text
		

<-------- RatingsID ------->
Fields:	(PK)RatingsID
		Rotten Tomatoes
		IMDB


<---------- DirectorsID ---------->
Fields: (PK)DirectorID
		Director(s)

Part 2
Create a web application that will allow a user to input records into this table using PHP or JSP and a SQL Insert. The fields should coincide with the database structure. The fields should include textboxes, radio buttons, drop down, and checkboxes. This form can be linked to from the main page or could be embedded within the main page. You can choose what works best for you.


Part 3
Create a web application that will allow a user to remove records from this table using PHP or JSP and a SQL Delete. You can place the remove feature on the main page or on a separate page. Regardless, the user should be able to remove records from the table. This should be an easy process for the user.
￼

Part 4
Finally, create a web application that will allow a user to update records within this table using PHP or JSP and a SQL Update. You can link to the update feature from the main page. You might find a way to use the same code for the insert for your updates.


Part 5
Search online about SQL injection, which is an extremely important topic. Modify your code so that users of this site cannot potentially damage your database structure by thwarting SQL injection. Describe how you address this in the text file you submit.